QuesoGLC 0.0.1

These are things to do by order of preference. It does not mean however that
contributions should only concern the first topic nor that contributions that
are not related to this list will be rejected.
Topics that are prepended by (?) are suggestions and I am not sure if they are
really needed.

1. Write an extensive set of test programs
2. Use FreeType's double linked lists 
   2.1. Rather than using my own silly code (string lists). It would therefore
	help to minimize redundant code
   2.2. Remove the hard-limited arrays of QuesoGLC (in other words, remove the
	file include/constant.h) and replace them by linked lists.
3. QuesoGLC does not support face collections in one file.
4. Try to get rid of GLC_PATH
5. Improve performance
   5.1. Use FreeType cache system, in order not to load/unload face files too
	much
   5.2. Use a common database to store fonts and masters so that no redundant
	information is stored from one thread to another one.
   5.3. Use binary trees to improve search delay of display lists and textures.
   5.4. Use a cache to store the pictures used when drawing glyphs with
	GLC_BITMAP
6. (?) When a fatal error occurs inside QuesoGLC, it should do something more
   friendly than brute-force exiting.
7. Get rid of gdbm (use ndbm instead)
8. (?) Use setjmp/longjmp to manage memory-related errors.
9. (?) Check that OpenGL is 1.1 or better and glX is 1.2 or better.
10. (?) Support for Bitmap Fonts (so far QuesoGLC only supports Scalable Fonts).
11. Keep track of the glX context that is current when a display list or a
    texture is made so that we make sure that we use the same glX context when
    a cached display list or a cached texture are used later.
12. Try to optimize texture memory : draw several glyphs on each texture in
    order to minimize unused texture space.
13. (?) Support for loading of compressed files
14. Separate platform specific code from the main code set.
15. QuesoGLC should use a (big?) database where it would store masters and fonts
    it has used so far, in order to prevent the (very) long process of parsing
    font files each time it is launched.
16. Add a build process with FT_Jam (the FreeType2 'make' tool)
17. (?) Do not store the path for each file name
